Difficulty of game
  Increases every level
  Flashlight area increases every level

Program a background
  Square shaped room
  25 desks and chairs around the size of a penny randomly located inside room. 
  Desks and chairs are randomly placed so that each level looks different.
  10 different levels.

Program the teachers/guards that move around the map.
  3 teachers/guards move randomly around the room. 
  Moves 1.2x faster than the player.
  If two guards encounter each other, face-to-face, the guards overlap and continue to move in the same direction they were
  moving
  Chooses a random direction to move if they encounter a wall or corner
  Moves towards textbook if player triggers it. Speed doubles when walking towards textbook. Speed reset after guard reaches
  textbook.
  About the size of a quarter.
  Carries flashlight that shines area in front of them. The area the flashlight shines increases as level increases.

Clues
  Shaped like a paper
  Size about half the size of the player character
  If player walks over clue, the screen displays a letter that is part of a randomly generated 30 letter string. The clues can be viewed again inside
  the inventory, which can be opened by pressing i. 
  
 Inventory
  Can be displayed by pressing i. 
  Displays the clues the player has collected in the order of they collected it.
  
 Textbooks
  Shaped like books
  Size of a penny
  Randomly placed in each level
  10 textbooks per level
  Creates sound when student is within radius of 3 of textbook.
  

Student 1 (Sprite1)
  Walks at 
  Code WASD for moving up, left, down, right
  Enter to exit clue screen
  Code "i" as a way for people to see the rest of the clues/hints they have discovered
  Have some array that stores all of the clues you have gotten
  Size of a penny

Multiplayer
  Player 1 controls: W and D 
  Player 2 controls: Right and left arrow
  Player 1 moves character up and down, player 2 moves character left and right.
  Enter to exit clue screen

Order of things to Code:
  Create the course/map of the game.

  Code the movements of the student (variables: student1)

  Code the movements made by the guards/teachers
  
  Code the guards' flashlights

  Code the interactions students have with guards. 
  
  Code the textbooks
  
  Code the places where the students interact with the clues
  
  
  Code the way the clues are stored (Use an array to hold all of the clues and make sure you can access them by clicking "i")

  Code the final gate and ending screen
    
